yes a secret silence New York City in
the year 2022 nothing runs anymore
nothing works but the people are the
same and the people will do anything to
get what they need this is the police
what they need most is Soylent Green
exhausted
it is secret silent detective sergeant
Thor he has a two-year backlog of
unsolved murders now he's on a case that
must be solved Saul Roth Thorne's
private library hey saw a living book in
a world without books have some pencils
courtesy of your next assignment William
R Simonson Simonson he was the first to
learn the secret of Soylent Green they
told me to to say that they were sorry
but that you had become unreliable Sol
Roth was the next to know and he chose
to die rather than reveal the secret of
Soylent Green is the secret why did you
set up Simonson
I didn't sure sir your house officially
she's furniture she comes with the
apartment she belongs to the tenant how
many times you've been in trouble with
the police Shirl never can't hear you
never
captain Hatcher first he wanted this
case solved what do you that was an
assassination now he just wants it
clothes watch you high and hot they want
this case closed permanently fairway now
you sign this you sign it Dorn refuses
to close the Simonson case just do what
you have to do
where did you go with Simonson he took
me to church Church bless me Father for
I have sinned
it has been six months since my last
confession
Charlton Heston Edward G Robinson Chuck
Connors Lee Taylor young Brock Peters
Paula Kelly and Joseph Cotten fight for
survival and try to solve the most
bizarre riddle ever to face mankind the
search for the secret of Soylent Green
you will find out why Soylent Green
means life you will find out why Soylent
Green means death we gotta stop him
sometimes